Question 1:  Define Object Oriented Programming Language?

Answer  =  Object-oriented programming (OOP) refers to a type of computer programming (software design) 
           in which programmers define the data type of a data structure, and also the types of operations
           (functions) that can be applied to the data structure.

Encapsulation- 
The implementation and state of each object are privately held
inside a defined boundary, or class. Other objects do not have access to this class or
the authority to make changes but are only able to call a list of public functions, or methods.
This characteristic of data hiding provides greater program security and avoids unintended data corruption.

Abstraction- 
Objects in an OOP language provide an abstraction that hides the internal implementation details. 



Inheritance- 
Relationships and subclasses between objects can be assigned, allowing developers to reuse a common logic
while still maintaining a unique hierarchy.



Polymorphism-


Polymorphism is a OOPs concept where one name can have many forms.

For example, you have a smartphone for communication. The communication mode you choose could be anything. 
It can be a call, a text message, a picture message, mail, etc. So, the goal is common that is communication, 
but their approach is different. This is called Polymorphism.




Question 2: List down the Benefits of OOP?

Answer

1) OOP provides a clear modular structure for programs.
2) It is good for defining abstract data types.
3) It is easy to maintain and modify existing code
4) objects, methods, instance, message passing, inheritance are some
   important properties provided by these particular languages
5)encapsulation, polymorphism, abstraction are also counts in these fundamentals of programming language.
6)It implements real life scenario.

Question 3: Differentiate between function and method?

A function is a piece of code that is called by name. It can be passed data to operate on (i.e. the parameters) and can optionally return data (the return value). 
All data that is passed to a function is explicitly passed.

A method is a piece of code that is called by a name that is associated with an object. 
In most respects it is identical to a function except for two key differences:

1) A method is implicitly passed the object on which it was called.
2) A method is able to operate on data that is contained within the class (remembering that an object is an instance of a class - the class is the definition, the object is an instance of that data).




Question 4: Define the following terms:
1. Class
2. Object
3. Attribute
4. Behavior



Class
In object-oriented programming , a class is a template definition of the method s and variables
in a particular kind of object . Thus, an object is a specific instance of a class;
it contains real values instead of variables.

Object
In object-oriented programming (OOP), objects are the things you think about first in designing a program
and they are also the units of code that are eventually derived from the process

Attributes
Attributes are data stored inside a class or instance and represent the state or quality of the class or 
instance. In short, attributes store information about the instance. Also, attributes should not be
confused with class functions also known as methods. 

Behavior
The behavior of an object is defined by its methods, which are the functions and subroutines defined within the object class.
Without class methods, a class would simply be a structure.